[RYO] Looks like I got
a bonus tonight!
Happy birthday!
May there be many more.
[TAMAHIKO] She can have
anything in that wallet,
just not the bookmark!
Somebody else was
in here. A woman.
Huh?
It's her.
[RYO'S FATHER]
Ah, Ryo! You're back!
[YAMATO]
Welcome home, Sis!
How'd it go?
Didn't I tell ya'
the Shima place'd be
overflowing with cash?
Whatcha got for me?
[grunts]
Don't do this with them
standing right there!
Besides, this is for us
to make ends meet!
Aw, c'mon, it's fine.
Good kids do as their dad says.
Take it easy.
[RYO]
Some dad you are!
Making your daughter
do this stuff,
especially while you spend
the whole day drinking!
--[slap]
--[gasps]
How dare you talk back to me!
Sister!
--[KEITA] You okay?
--[YAMATO] Big Sis!
This is all you were
able to nab from them?
How'd ya manage to
screw this up so badly?
Give that back!
The boys need that to eat!
It's not for you!
[RYO'S FATHER]
Shut up!
[RYOTARO]
Daddy! Stop it!
[RYO'S FATHER grunts]
Be quiet!
I don't have the time
to deal with you.
[RYO'S FATHER]
This is all your fault!
You little brats are so useless!
[TAMAHIKO]
I-I'm so ashamed.
[YUZUKI]
Welcome back!
[TAMAHIKO]
Yuzu.
I was starting to get
worried about you.
Look, all better. I put
the caramels in a new jar!
And I picked up all the
broken glass as well!
I'm tired.
[YUZUKI]
Huh?
[TAMAHIKO]
So much for my birthday.
Yuzu did her best to celebrate,
but just like every other year,
nothing good ever comes of it.
Mister Tamahiko! Why don't
we go do something?
I'd love to go visit
the Inari shrine again
if that sounds like fun!
[TAMAHIKO] Sorry, I already
have something planned.
Oh. No problem at all, then.
[TAMAHIKO]
Thanks for breakfast.
Huh? Would you like some more?
[TAMAHIKO]
I'm fine.
Huh?
[TAMAHIKO] I'll get that
bookmark back today,
come hell or high water.
Although I do hope her
father's not around.
I'm sorry to disturb you!
Huh? Is no one there?
[YAMATO laughs]
[YAMATO]
Look, Big Sis! Look!
[KEITA, YAMATO laughing]
[RYO]
Hey! I told you to behave!
[KEITA]
It's like a water pistol!
[TAMAHIKO]
They're in good spirits.
[KEITA]
Take that!
You play with us, too, Big Sis!
[TAMAHIKO gasps]
[RYO]
Huh?
[TAMAHIKO stammering]
Wh-What the heck are you
staring at, you jerk?
It was a total
accident, I swear!
I am so sorry. Really.
My intention wasn't
to peek on you.
Plus, I'm nearsighted, so I
didn't see much of anything!
Hundred yen.
Wha--?
You witnessed a fair maiden,
18 years of age,
partaking in a bath.
I'm not asking much.
It's quite the bargain, even.
Pay up!
Uh. Look, maybe you forgot,
but you're the last one
who saw my wallet!
[RYO]
Tch.
Ah. I really messed up.
Rumor has it you're a
gloomy rich-boy shut-in,
so I figured you'd just
cry yourself to sleep
over this whole thing.
[TAMAHIKO]
What is with her?
The way she talks combined
with that attitude
makes me think she's
a troublemaker.
Am I dealing with a delinquent?
Well? What is it?
I'm guessing you came here
looking for your money?
No, I didn't!
Huh?
Actually, I want the
bookmark you stole!
I'd like it back, please!
I took what now?
A bookmark decorated
with pressed bellflowers!
It's a very precious item
to me, so that's why I--
[RYOTARO]
Big Sis!
Hey, I don't understand this.
Could you help me?
[RYO]
Hmm... Let me see here.
Uh!
Sorry, Ryotaro. I'm honestly
not very good at arithmetic.
Ah!
[RYO chuckles]
But Rich-boy over here
said he would be
happy to show you!
Huh?
Yeah!
He reads tons of books and knows
all about this kinda stuff.
Wow, great!
Thank you so much, mister!
Now, tell him! You'll gladly
help him out, right?
Huh?! So you do have it, then!
You want this thing back?
Be a shame if something
happened to it, huh?
[TAMAHIKO growls]
[TAMAHIKO]
I'll take a look.
Here ya go!
That's what I like to hear.
Great job. Now, carry
that number here.
[RYOTARO] Oh! That's how it's
done. I think I'm starting...
[TAMAHIKO] How did I
get roped into teaching
all three of these children?
I suppose I don't have
much of a choice
if I want my bookmark back.
Hey. Why are you so obsessed
with this dumb thing anyway?
It's from the girl who's
going to be my wife soon.
She made it. Said the flower
reminded her of me.
So it's one-of-a-kind.
The sort of thing that
you could never replace.
Really?
Hey, Rich-guy! Lookie here!
Do you see my paper?
Did I do okay on
this calligraphy?
[RYOTARO] He's still going over
my math work right now!
You can wait, Yamato and Keita!
[YAMATO, KEITA]
Aww...
It's no fair that
you get to go first!
You got an A+, huh?
That's fantastic!
You sure have a knack for this!
You think so?
[TAMAHIKO] Beautiful
brushwork. Very legible.
Look at this!
Wanna see my picture?
[KEITA]
Look at mine, too!
[RYOTARO]
I'm all finished with these!
Did I get 'em right?
Whoa! One at a time please!
Let's take turns!
Good job, guys!
Isn't it nice having Rich-boy
look at your work?
[BOYS]
Yeah!
Ahem.
While I appreciate
the playfulness,
I do have a proper
name, you know.
It's Tamahiko Shima.
Tamahiko Rich-boy?
[BOYS laughing]
Let's just go with that, huh?
Yeah, thank you, Rich-boy!
No! It's Tamahiko Shima!
All right.
Let's wrap it up here.
[BOYS]
Nighty-night!
Thank you for helping
us out today, Sensei!
Huh? They said sensei ?
You're good at teaching.
Nice, Tamahiko!
Just give me my bookmark!
[RYO'S FATHER]
Hey! I'm back!
Dad? He's home already?
Head out the back. If he finds
you here, he'll hurt you.
[TAMAHIKO]
Yeah. Okay!
[RYO'S FATHER coughs]
Wait, give me my bookmark!
I'll get it to you later!
[RYO'S FATHER]
Uh? Did we have a guest?
No, not really, sir.
[sighs]
[TAMAHIKO] All that work,
and I left empty-handed?
I don't know how I'll
be able to face Yuzu.
Darn it.
[sighs]
[YUZUKI]
Welcome home!
The bath is ready for you!
Oh! But maybe you'd
like to eat first?
Mister Tamahiko?
[TAMAHIKO] I can't take her
kindness, it's too much!
Huh?
[TAMAHIKO]
Sorry, I'm utterly exhausted.
I'm just going to head straight
to bed again tonight.
[TAMAHIKO]
Couldn't sleep a wink.
[YUZUKI]
Mister Tamahiko? It's morning!
[TAMAHIKO] Should I just go back
to the way I used to be?
No! I'll come clean to Yuzu.
[RYO]
Good morning, Tamahiko! You up?
Huh?!
[YUZUKI]
One moment!
I recognize that voice.
[RYO, YUZUKI]
Huh?
[RYO]
Hey, Tamahiko!
[YUZUKI]
Good morning.
Say, would this happen to be the
girl who was purchased for you?
Come to think of it,
I've seen this one around
the village before.
I would've never guessed that
you prefer them so little.
Hey! You need to watch
how you talk about her!
Yuzu is...
She's a sweet girl and far too
good for the likes of me.
[gasps]
I see the appeal.
She makes the perfect little
homebody to look after
everything in the house
for you, doesn't she?
[gasps] It's that same scent.
Clearly, it's so you can
be out and about town
having fun with me,
your mistress.
[TAMAHIKO]
Huh?
C'mon. 'Bout time you let
the cat out of the bag.
Tell her how we were together
all day yesterday.
I had a good reason for that.
We shared an intimate moment
when you saw me naked, too!
I didn't do it on purpose!
And what's more...
...you gave me this bookmark,
don't you remember?
You said these flowers
remind you of me.
[gasps]
I'm done listening to this!
That's enough of your lies!
Give it back to me already!
Oh? If you want it so badly,
just make me your mistress
and let me live the high life!
[TAMAHIKO]
Hand it over!
Yuzu, please don't
listen to this woman.
Everything she says is a lie.
She actually robbed me.
I was keeping the
bookmark in my wallet,
so that's how she
wound up with it.
[YUZUKI] It sounds like you
were involved in a situation
that was beyond your control.
I believe your story. Don't
worry, Mister Tamahiko.
[gasps]
Ah, what a shame.
All done. Say no more.
We'll let this be the end of it.
But, Yuzu!
Yuzu.
Boo-hoo, tragic.
Your precious
treasure's in pieces.
I almost feel guilty about it.
She didn't have to go quite
that far if you ask me.
[TAMAHIKO]
Leave. Leave.
Please, just leave.
If you insist. I'll see you
later then. Buh-bye.
[RYO chuckles]
[RYO] Well, that was
certainly amusing!
What is with that girl anyway?
She seems way too happy for
someone who was bought.
I suppose I should hurry
up and get back home.
Bet those boys are
getting hungry.
[YUZUKI]
Mister Tamahiko! I'm coming in!
Just letting you know your
breakfast is ready now.
[TAMAHIKO]
Huh?
What?
There's no hurry, of course,
but maybe you'll want to
change your clothes first.
[YUZUKI humming]
[TAMAHIKO]
She really seems unbothered.
Is that all it took
to settle the matter?
[phone ringing]
[YUZUKI screams]
W-Was that a telephone?
[TAMAHIKO] Uh. There's
one in the storeroom.
Ah! I'll get it!
[TAMAHIKO]
Who could it be?
Mister Tamahiko.
Miss Tamako is calling!
Hm? I wonder why.
[TAMAHIKO]
Um, hello?
[TAMAKO]
What took you so long to answer?
You shouldn't keep
your sister waiting!
[TAMAHIKO]
Yikes!
Right, my apologies.
How are things going?
Kobe really is a lovely area.
I've transferred into
a girls' school here,
and I've made lots
of friends as well!
I even hosted a tea
party recently!
That's wonderful!
I'm happy for you.
Keep it up!
And there's more!
We have baking parties where
we bond while making cookies!
It's great!
Next time I'm really looking
forward to teaching everyone
how to make Yuzu's caramels
and almond macarons!
They're gonna love them,
I just know it!
Uh.
Wait! I totally got sidetracked.
That wasn't the
reason I called you.
[TAMAHIKO] Huh? Why is she
getting mad at me for that?
[TAMAHIKO] Sorry. What did
you have to tell me, then?
Uh, happy birthday, Tamahiko.
I hope it was a nice one.
Huh?
I-I fully intended to call you
on your actual birthday,
but I was too embarrassed!
I mean, busy! That's it!
I was busy, so I'm
sorry I'm late!
You're very kind.
I'm fairly certain
Yuzu put together
a little celebration
for you, right?
She did, but, um...
Hold on, did something happen?
Wha--?
There's no use
hiding it from me!
I could hear the disappointment
in Yuzu's voice
when she answered.
And besides, you don't sound
all that happy for someone
who just had a birthday
party thrown in his honor!
All right.
So, there you go.
It doesn't seem to be
bothering Yuzu, though.
I see.
But tell me something:
Did you ever stop to wonder,
out of all the things she could
have chosen, why bellflowers?
Huh? They remind her
of me, or so she says.
Have you heard of
flower language?
It's popular with schoolgirls.
They sometimes use it
to express themselves.
Flower language?
[TAMAKO]
It's more emotional
than just saying
things out loud.
Bellflowers, for example,
mean "unchanging love."
[gasps]
[TAMAKO] It's a flower I'd give
to my own special someone.
I bet that's Yuzu's meaning.
She's most likely trying
to let you know
that she would pledge
her love to you
for the rest of her life.
Must be rough for it
to have been stolen,
and then to have to see it
in another woman's hands.
It's completely heartbreaking,
I can barely stand
to think about it.
Um, hello? Are you still there?
[gasps]
[TAMAHIKO] The bellflower
means "unchanging love"?
Expressing feelings
with flower language?
Pledging her love forever?
[TAMAHIKO]
Well, heck,
that's absolutely
something Yuzu would do.
This bookmark, torn into shreds.
[YUZUKI] Happy birthday!
May there be many more.
[TAMAHIKO] I wonder
if the same could be said
of Yuzu's own heart.
Dinner is ready.
Would you like to come
and eat, Mister Tamahiko?
Sorry, did you hear me?
Oh my goodness.
He must have nodded off.
He could catch a cold.
Huh?
I guess I fell asleep.
[TAMAHIKO yelps]
[YUZUKI] I'm a bit surprised
to see you still have that.
You don't need to keep it,
especially not in
that condition.
These are bellflowers,
aren't they?
They symbolize
"unchanging love"!
[gasps]
[TAMAHIKO]
If that's true,
then it doesn't matter
what condition they're in!
The sentiment remains the same!
Um, to me, at least.
Now, let's see.
I'm so sorry!
I feel just terrible
about what I did!
Please forgive me!
What are you apologizing for?
You haven't done
anything wrong, Yuzu!
[YUZUKI] It's just, I wish you
would've told me right away
that the bookmark had
been stolen from you.
I can see now that you
were worried about
how it would make me feel.
But when you stopped eating
your meals with me,
I thought you were avoiding me,
or that I'd cooked
a dish you hated.
I didn't know what
I had done wrong.
I was so incredibly
lonely and terrified
that I had messed something up.
[TAMAHIKO]
Oh, what a fool I am.
Forgive me. I really am sorry.
[YUZUKI]
It's all right.
But no more taking on everything
all by yourself, okay?
Honestly, what I find
most unforgiveable
is you getting friendly with
such a beautiful woman.
Uh.
I mean, you have me,
Mister Tamahiko,
you big old stinker.
You're just plain awful!
The absolute worst!
My apologies, again.
I'm sorry, Yuzu.
[YUZUKI]
And after I cooked up....
[TAMAHIKO] I sat there
and let Yuzu pummel me
until she finally got the
frustration out of her system.
[TAMAHIKO]
And then...
It's finished!
Well? What do you think?
Oh my gosh! It really
came out wonderfully!
There's glue, but it also
has your scent on it.
Huh?
[YUZUKI]
Did you know, Mister Tamahiko?
Bellflowers have
another meaning,
they represent "integrity."
And if you ask me, that fits
your character to a T.
[YUZUKI] Mister Tamahiko
has begun helping
the village children
with their schoolwork!
Our home has suddenly
become so lively!
Do your very best,
Mister Tamahiko!